Use node-fetch (#21)
adobe/node-fetch-retry: README.md

Node Module for performing retries for HTTP requests.

> It is a wrapper around [`node-fetch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) library. It has default retry logic built in as described below, as well as configurable parameters. It also has built-in support for Apache OpenWhisk actions, adjusting the timeout to reflect the action timeout.

Reviewer: Let's keep the link to the github repo rather than npm:

```suggestion
It is a wrapper around [`node-fetch`](https://github.com/node-fetch/node-fetch) library. It has default retry logic built in as described below, as well as configurable parameters. It also has built-in support for Apache OpenWhisk actions, adjusting the timeout to reflect the action timeout.
```
